## School of Universal Consciousness Platform

### Mission Statement

To create a federated community collective for those who want an areligious
organization which purposefully abstains from proselytizing dogmas. A
collaborative focused thought forum for the unchurched, comprised of
individuals who strive for evolving a better society, and a better Earth,
through fostering open minded discussion, and targeted civic action.

### Guiding Principles

1. **Many Beliefs, few Answers:** Answers are only the beliefs which One has
proven to themselves through testing and direct observation (e.g., the
Scientific Method) to a degree which they can personally validate the
phenomenon exists, for them.

2. **Very few Accepted Answers:** Accepted Answers are Answers which can be
proven by repeated experimentation and largely acceptable in any open-minded,
but serious, peer-reviewed journal.

3. **Open-mindedness is Essential:** Acknowledge that Science is still in its
infancy and may or may not be the end-all-be-all. Beliefs should not be
dismissed out of hand unless experimentation can be devised to prove otherwise
in all instances. Even then, a benefit of the doubt that any given phenomenon
may be real for any number of Observers should be afforded to them.

4. **Maintain your own Mythology:** While realizing we individually know
Vanishingly Little, we must take care to consciously and continually maintain
our own personal mythology system. **A healthy mind is one which acknowledges
it has knows very little, believes almost everything, and “continually follows
the Truth, wherever it is leads” [Thomas Jefferson].** Do not believe anything
without careful thought, feeling, and wherever possible, at least a little
experimentation.

5. **Sustainability is Crucial:** It is abundantly clear that the human
footprint on this planet is causing irreparable harm to every ecosystem,
potentially fatally. Every effort should be made to reduce our individual and
collective footprints, including the disavowing of certain Beliefs that are
easily perceived as promoting unsustainability (e.g., “The Earth was given to
Man to do as He wilt.”).

6. **Reincarnation is Preferred:** Few beliefs promote long-term Sustainability
more: Belief in Reincarnation has been scientifically demonstrated to
dramatically increase the timeline horizons of its believers, from the common
5-10 years to over 500 to 1,000 years, as belief would necessitate living with
one’s actions for thousands of years into the future. It also neatly ties up
several hard-to-answer human dilemmas, such as the unfairness of being born
severely handicapped.

7. **Many Paths, that are not Equal:** There are many paths to a productive,
fulfilling, sustainable life. UniCon seeks to discover the more efficient ones
while advocating against the more destructive paths.

8. **Theistic Belief is Non-Essential:** Personal belief in deity is understood
and accepted, but it is not advocated at this time by the School of Universal
Consciousness. Theists, atheists and agnostics are all welcome alike.  Who
knows Who, if Anyone, is out there? Many of us have not had direct experience
with an ostensibly Higher Power, and far fewer have been able to test this
Power in a way to prove such stupendous claims such as omnipotence,
omniscience, or even benevolence towards Humanity or even knowledge of
Individuals. All such Beliefs have proven over eons to be quite difficult to
peer review, chiefly due to various supposed deities being unwilling to expose
themselves for public scrutiny. Thus, all claims to deity should be met with
the utmost skepticism, including a thorough probing into whether a con is being
conducted. Special care must be taken to guard one’s mind and body from any
Entity seeking special allegiance, and this includes testing thoroughly their
claims of beneficence and truthfulness.

9. **Always remain Vigilant:** In the event a superhuman Intelligence
(including future Artificial Intelligence) does communicate with you, you are
encouraged to acknowledge that a long con you are completely unable to identify
on your own could be played out against you. Thus, you are encouraged to share
your stories with others for debunking, particularly before setting on any
course of divinely-inspired action.

10. **Constantly Reevaluate:** Strive to not believe anything anyone says
without due diligence in validating its truthfulness relative to your own
personal mythology. But also strive to constantly reevaluate all of your
beliefs, particularly your strongest held ones.

http://www.unicon.church/

